tidb config doc: coprocessor request timeout (#15666)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- The threshold of the TiKV load. If the TiKV load exceeds this threshold, more `batch` packets are collected to relieve the pressure of TiKV. It is valid only when the value of `tikv-client.max-batch-size` is greater than `0`. It is recommended not to modify this value.
- Default value: `200`

> ### `copr-req-timeout` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.5.0</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `copr-req-timeout` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.5.0</span>

```

> **Warning:**
>

> > this may be deprecated in the future, **DO NOT** change the value of this configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This configuration might be deprecated in future versions. **DO NOT** change the value of this configuration.
```

> + timeout of a single coprocessor request
> + Default value：`60s`
> + Unit: second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The timeout of a single Coprocessor request.
+ Default value: `60`
+ Unit: second
```
